I grew up in Flint, Michigan. And as you might have heard from news, it's
not the, um, brightest spot to be. I think the people, they're fine.
I had family there, more family than I had ever had. Cousins and
aunts. I had my mom and my sister and lots of kids. So there is a
strong family connection there. Um, that I couldn't deny ast faras being
poor. Um, I don't think that inherently, I'm I have the poor psyche,
you know, I always do that. I would be successful in life regardless
of what was in front of me. That's what everyone always said.
You know, like, hey, you know what you're not gonna be, um maybe growing
up in this area, you know, like you're not gonna This area is
not for you. You, in fact, somebody I remember somebody actually said
you're probably gonna be a rocket operator. And when I was working
at NASA, I thought, you know, like some guy knew that when I was six
years old, you know, it's it's not a coincidence. So, uh, even though
I was in the midst of poverty and I can imagine a few a few cases
where it could be worse. I mean, I had rats and mice at, uh, cockroaches
everywhere. I had prostitutes. Um, yeah, yeah. Drugs was affected
me a lot, you know, very close members died, you know, they lost
their feet. They were in wheelchairs. Um, in every single case, I
decided that that wasn't that wasn't going to be my life. And that wasn't
the way I was going to present myself to the world. I think if
you if I was to go anywhere, no one would be able to recognize me from
growing up in a in an upper scale. You know, California home, because,
like, that's not the way I talked that I wasn't involved with
hoodlums. Uh, even though I was around drugs, I never tried it myself,
and I avoided people who did it. So all of that combined just it
was easy to ignore. Uh, that that's a bad word to say. Of course it
was apparent, and there's no way that you could ignore it, But it's
easy to put in your back pocket and say, You know what? There are other
things more important. Um, let's just focus on them. That's what
I did